# jsPsych Website

## Installation

### Project setup

1. Make sure you are on Node v16.0.0+
2. To install npm dependencies, do `npm install`
    * Make sure to run this command with every `git pull`
3. To run the project, `npm start`

### How to install jsPsych plugins?

1. You can find the list of plugins here: https://www.jspsych.org/7.3/plugins/list-of-plugins/
2. Click on the plugin you want to use
3. Go to the "install" tab
4. Here you can find the npm install command and the import code
    * for example, to install [html-keyboard-response](https://www.jspsych.org/7.3/plugins/html-keyboard-response/) =>
        * `npm install @jspsych/plugin-html-keyboard-response`
        * `import htmlKeyboardResponse from '@jspsych/plugin-html-keyboard-response';`

## Usage

### Some Notes First

* There are 2 types of experiments -- dynamic/templated (user generated) and static (admin generated).
* The dynamic experiments are generated by users and their stimuli data is stored in a database.
* Static experiments are created by us and can be hardcoded into the project.

### How to create a _Static_ experiment?

1. Create a new git branch with experiment name
    * `git checkout -b <EXP-experiment-name>`
    * This is not required but is just a good convention to use for differentiating between experiment branches and
      feature branches
2. Experiments are located in `src/AdminExperiments` directory. Create a new directory with the name of experiment in
   here.
3. Please read jsPsyche documentation and look at the __TemplateExperiment_ experiment for reference

### How to add experiment to the project?

1. Make sure you are exporting the function `export default _TemplateExperiment;`
2. In `index.js`, import this component using `import _TemplateExperiment from "./AdminExperiments/_TemplateExperiment";`
3. Add a router with path and component, `<Route path="template-experiment" element={<_TemplateExperiment/>}/>`
4. You can now access this experiment at `/path` url. For example, http://localhost:3000/template-experiment
